Track 11.09
Alex: What are you doing, Camila?
Camila: Hi Alex. I’m working.
Alex: You’re looking at job websites!
I hope your manager doesn’t see you.
Camila: He isn’t in the office.
Alex: Good! Let me see the website.
Look!
There’s a job for a singer on a ship …
but you can’t sing.
Oh, and there’s a job for a chef
on the same ship.
You’re a fantastic cook.
Camila: Just one small problem.
I can’t swim so I don’t want to work on a boat.
Alex: Well, what about this job as an
English teacher in Mexico?
You speak Spanish and you love travelling.
Camila: But I can’t teach
and I don’t want to live in a really hot country.
Alex: Oh, right.
Well, an IT company in Manchester
wants a receptionist.
Camila: I don’t want to work in another office.
Alex: How about this job as a tour guide?
You take people on bus tours around York.
Camila: Hmm ... Sounds interesting.
What do they want?
Alex: Someone who knows a lot about York
and who can speak English
and another language.
Camila: Well I was born in York,
so I know a lot about it,
but I can’t drive.
Alex: You don’t drive the bus.
You just talk to the passengers.
Camila: Oh, right.
Well, that sounds interesting.
I’ll phone the tour company this afternoon!
Alex: Shhh! Your manager’s coming back.